Replace "here" link titles with meaningful titles [ci skip] (#52217)
rails/rails: guides/source/active_record_migrations.md

We define the change that we want to happen moving forward in time. Before this
migration is run, there will be no table. After it is run, the table will exist.
Active Record knows how to reverse this migration as well; if we roll this

> migration back, it will remove the table. You can read more about [rolling back
> migrations](#rolling-back).

Reviewer: The sentence reads a bit better if we remove the "You can", similar to the first change above.
```suggestion
migration back, it will remove the table. Read more about [rolling back
migrations](#rolling-back).
```
Or maybe:
```suggestion
migration back, it will remove the table. You can read more about rolling back migrations in
in the [Rolling Back](#rolling-back) section.
```

Author: Thanks, I'll add with the other link changes!

migrations, not only does the migration create the table when applied, but it
also enables smooth rollback functionality. In case of reverting the migration
above, Active Record intelligently handles the removal of the table, maintaining

> database consistency throughout the process. See the [reversing
> migrations section](#using-reversible) for more details.

Reviewer: For consistency I think we should capitalize section names:
```suggestion
database consistency throughout the process. See the [Reversing
Migrations section](#using-reversible) for more details.
```

NOTE: The `change_column` command is **irreversible**. To ensure your migration
can be safely reverted, you will need to provide your own `reversible`

> migration. See the [reversible migrations section](#using-reversible) for more
> details.

Reviewer: For consistency I think we should capitalize section names:
```suggestion
migration. See the [Reversible Migrations section](#using-reversible) for more
details.
```

WARNING: Modifying data directly in migrations should be approached with
caution. Consider if this is the best approach for your use case, and be aware
of potential drawbacks such as increased complexity and maintenance overhead,

> risks to data integrity and database portability. You can read more about [data
> migrations](#data-migrations).

Reviewer: I like the phrasing of "You can read more about..." but this sentence ends abruptly now.
It's a bit wordy and doesn't flow as good, but maybe:
```suggestion
risks to data integrity and database portability. You can read the [data
migrations documentation](#data-migrations) for more details.
```

Or maybe just:
```suggestion
risks to data integrity and database portability. See the [data migrations
documentation](#data-migrations) for more details.
```

Author: I prefer the instructive "See..."

WARNING: Modifying data directly in migrations should be approached with
caution. Consider if this is the best approach for your use case, and be aware
of potential drawbacks such as increased complexity and maintenance overhead,

> risks to data integrity and database portability. See the [data migrations
> documentation](#data-migrations) for more details.

Reviewer: For consistency I think we should capitalize section names:
```suggestion
risks to data integrity and database portability. See the [Data Migrations
documentation](#data-migrations) for more details.
```

  `bin/rails db:setup` does.
* If the database exists but the tables have not been created, the command will
  load the schema, run any pending migrations, dump the updated schema, and

>   finally load the seed data. You can read more about [seeding
>   data](#migrations-and-seed-data).

Reviewer: Similar to other suggestions...
```suggestion
  finally load the seed data. See the [seeding data
  documentation](#migrations-and-seed-data) for more details.
```

  `bin/rails db:setup` does.
* If the database exists but the tables have not been created, the command will
  load the schema, run any pending migrations, dump the updated schema, and

>   finally load the seed data. See the [seeding data

Reviewer: For consistency I think we should capitalize section names:
```suggestion
  finally load the seed data. See the [Seeding Data
```
